# react-native-webpack-template

This is a skeleton project that is very similar to what would be generated by
the `react-native init` command, but with a few changes:

1. It uses [react-native-webpack-server](https://github.com/mjohnston/react-native-webpack-server) in unison with the default react-native packager in order to enable "hot reloading" a la [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader).
2. It uses ES6 classes via a custom `.babelrc` file.

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repository: (`git clone ...`)
2. Install the dependencies: `cd react-native-webpack-template && npm install`
3. Run the webpack and packager servers: `npm start`
4. Open the project in XCode: `open WebpackTemplate.xcodeproj`
5. Run the project in the simulator: (press `⌘R` in XCode)
6. Once the app loads in the simulator, start the Chrome debugger: (press `⌘D` in the Simulator)

## To Update your Release Bundle

1. Stop the development server (if it's running).
2. Run the release server: `npm run start-release`
3. [cURL](http://curl.haxx.se/) the new bundle: `npm run release`

## To Support On-device Debugging (OPTIONAL)

1. Edit [package.json](package.json) in the `scripts` section and change `--hostname localhost` to `--hostname <YOUR HOSTNAME, e.g., jeffreys-macbook-pro.local>` for the `start` script.
2. Edit [webpack/config.js](webpack/config.js) and change `var hostname = 'localhost'` to `var hostname = os.hostname()` in the block delinated by `if (process.env.HOT) {`.
3. Edit [iOS/AppDelegate.m](iOS/AppDelegate.m) and change your `jsLocation` from localhost to the hostname of your computer (from step 1 above).
4. Connect your iOS device.
5. Select your device in the devices drop-down in XCode.
6. Run the project on your device: (press `⌘R` in XCode)
7. Once the app loads on your device, start the Chrome debugger by shaking the device.

## TODO

1. Figure out an easier way to generate the release bundle.

## License

[MIT](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
